1.7.0 (#953)
cloudflare/wrangler: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 💬 1.7.0

- ### Features

  - **Reformat config api-key output - [bradyjoslin], [issue/889] [pull/910]**

>     We care a lot about our error output. This PR from community contributor @bradyjoslin pretties up the output from `wrangler config` to match when you pass the `--api-key` flag. Thanks for the PR @bradyjoslin!

Reviewer: nit: generally we put the contributor's name just at the top. open to having it in the changelog itself but we should change `@bradyjoslin` to `[bradyjoslin]` so the link works if we want to keep it there

Reviewer: also when i've been writing these i've been trying to avoid "this PR" verbiage since they are _all_ PRs, but that might just be me

    [bradyjoslin]: https://github.com/bradyjoslin
    [pull/910]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/pull/910
    [issue/889]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/issues/889

  - **Improve error message for `wrangler init --site` when wrangler.toml already exists - [ashleygwilliams], [issue/648] [pull/931]**

>     `wrangler init` generally expects that you don't already have a wrangler.toml present; however it is common that users want to add static site functionality to their existing wrangler project and will try using `wrangler init` to do so. Rather than simply complaining that the toml already exists, this PR adds the workers-site directory to the project, and prints out the suggested configuration to add to `wrangler.toml`. Much nicer!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `wrangler init` generally expects that you don't already have a `wrangler.toml` present; however it is common that users want to add static site functionality to their existing wrangler project and will try using `wrangler init` to do so. Rather than simply complaining that the toml already exists, this PR adds the workers-site directory to the project, and prints out the suggested configuration to add to `wrangler.toml`. Much nicer!
```

    [ashleygwilliams]: https://github.com/ashleygwilliams
    [pull/931]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/pull/931
    [issue/648]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/issues/648

  - **Add a helpful error message on authentication error - [EverlastingBugstopper], [issue/492] [pull/932]**

>     Previously if wrangler got back an authentication error on publish, it would just print it to the screen. This PR adds a helpful hint to users to re-run `wrangler config` to fix the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Previously, when `wrangler publish` ran into authentication errors, the API result would just print to the screen. Now, it prints a helpful hint to users to re-run `wrangler config` to fix the error.
```

    This PR detects when this error occurs and provides a help suggestion to put kv-namespaces ABOVE the [site] table entry to fix the problem.

    [gabbifish]: https://github.com/gabbifish
    [pull/937]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/pull/937
    [issue/798]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/issues/798

- ### Maintenance

  - **Make Azure use latest `rustc` - [EverlastingBugstopper], [issue/887] [pull/893]**

    Updates our CI to update the rust toolchain to the latest stable version after installation.

    [EverlastingBugstopper]: https://github.com/EverlastingBugstopper
    [pull/893]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/pull/893
    [issue/887]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/issues/887

  - **Fix nightly builds - [EverlastingBugstopper], [pull/895], [pull/898]**

>     We caught a bug in our CI that was causing nightly builds to fail in Azure Pipelines

Reviewer: I'm actually fairly certain that we were never actually _using_ nightly builds in our nightly tests

    [EverlastingBugstopper]: https://github.com/EverlastingBugstopper
    [pull/895]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/pull/895
    [pull/898]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/pull/898

  - **Fix compiler warnings on windows - [uma0317], [issue/800] [pull/919]**

>     We build Wrangler for Mac OSX, Linux, and Windows, and each of these environments has slightly different needs at compile time. In this case, community contributor @uma0317 added configuration that eliminated unused imports for Windows at compile time. Thanks for the PR @uma0317!

Reviewer: `@uma0317` -> `[uma0317]`

    [uma0317]: https://github.com/uma0317
    [pull/919]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/pull/919
    [issue/800]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/issues/800

  - **Remove deprecated kv-namespace config check - [ashleymichal], [pull/929]**

>     Back in 1.1.0, we introduced more robust support for adding KV namespaces to your project; however it was a breaking change for users who were still using our first pass at configuration for this in their toml, so we added a friendly error message telling them how to update their toml. We feel likely all of our users have safely transitioned onto the new syntax since then, and so this PR removes that warning; any lingering use of the old syntax will be met with a serde error instead.

Reviewer: first sentence here is a bit run-on - also "serde error" should probably be changed since it's an implementation detail that users likely wont understand

    [ashleymichal]: https://github.com/ashleymichal
    [pull/929]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/pull/929

  - **Use binary-install for npm - [EverlastingBugstopper], [pull/862]**

>     This extracts a lot of the logic in Wrangler's installer to an external package, binary-install, which we will also use for installing wasm-pack on webpack project builds. Long term this will move us toward not re-installing wasm-pack on each build. It also includes the logic for uninstalling the downloaded binaries.

Reviewer: `[binary-install](http://npmjs.org/package/binary-install)`
